---
title: "Initiatives"
collection: Misc
permalink: /Misc/initiatives
---
* **Birth Control**: Today, many babies or children  suffer from serious illnesses. Besides some unpredictable causes, many diseases are caused by the lack of pre-pregnancy medical examinations or the absence of timely inspections and treatment during pregnancy. Therefore, I call for a rigorous physical examination before marriage and before pregnancy to ensure that the pregnancy is planned when it is suitable for pregnancy. When pregnant, medical examinations should be performed on time to ensure early treatment when problems come.

* **Care for Sanitation Workers**: Nowadays, sanitation workers in cities need to wait by the roadside during the day after cleaning the streets early in the morning. When garbage is found, They have to clean it up any time. They don't have a shelter, they usually hide at bus stops during the scorching, heavy rain or cold weather. Therefore, I call for no throwing away garbage, so that the workload of workers can be relieved, and their suffering could be less especially in bad weather.

* **Care for Left-behind Children**: Today there are a large number of left-behind children in rural China. They lack parental companionship and discipline, are addicted to mobile games, and have serious mental health problems. Therefore, I call for that parents should try their best to bring their children with them, no matter how hard life is or be willing to stay in the countryside for their children even to live a poor life, so that their children can have a healthy childhood and a bright future.

* **Academic Fairness**: At present, the review of academic papers is mostly voluntary. There is no specific standard for review. The review results are often subjective, with some irresponsible comments, or based on interpersonal relationships. As for papers, many of them have no clear introduction for methods and procedures, so their study cannot be reproduced or needs much (even extra) effort to repeat the experiments.  Therefore, on one side, I call for reviewers to conduct review impartially without emotional factors. When giving an opinion, sufficient specific reasons should be given. on the other side, authors should write the specific process of the proposed method clearly, and make their data and code public if possible, so that readers can quickly reproduce the paper's method for comparison.